Thank you for getting Comet client! really appreciated, go check out my youtube channel!
username: comecometlol

    Any notes that you see like this: // blah blah blah, It is just notes for my friends because i was teaching them how to code some mods.


    How to use Comet client: first, download the Cometclient.dll which you probably already have, then put that in your gorilla tag plugins folder. if you don't know how to get to your plugins folder, 
	what you gotta do is open up steam, or oculus (i think you can do this on oculus im not sure) (you do need a pc for this) so open up steam or oculus, then go onto Gorilla Tag and open up the files. if you cant do that,
	what you gotta do is on steam, look to the right of steam when you click on Gorilla Tag and there will be like a settings icon. click on that, then find manage, and then "Browse Local Files". then, find the plugins folder in there, and drag the
	Cometclient.dll into the plugins folder. And you are finished! you can then open up Gorilla Tag, then click X or Y on your left controller, i forget which one it actually is tho. so thats how you install and setup the mod menu! Thanks for reading.

	if you join the discord server, you have a chance to meet and talk to me! i really hope to become big one day. the server might be a little dead but thats because i only have around 50 subscribers, which means not that mmuch people would
	join the discord server. 

	in the discord server, you can chat and meet other people!


	Thank you everybody for all the support on my youtube channel! it really means a lot to me.
	i hope to become a big Gorilla Tag Content Creator one day. just like my favourite youtubers Cabbage, K9 and elliot!

	by the way, join the discord server which you can then suggest mods that i should add to the mod menu! I'll try my best to keep the mod menu updated with each update Gorilla Tag has.9

	if there is any issues with the mod menu that are major or mminor, please tell me them in the discord server!
	oh and i forgot to say, if you want to join the discord server, put the mod menu in your plugins folder and load up Gorilla Tag. once you are in Gorilla Tag, you then open the menu with your left controler buttons.
	one of the mods should be "Join The Discord" just use that mod, and it will join the discord sevrer for you on your pc!"

	Thank you for taking your time to read this message if you read it fully.
    All the support is appreciated once again. Thank you all, have a wonderful day/night